RPC v0.6.0 documentation (#1250)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/migration_guide.rst

0.19.0 Migration guide
**********************

Version 0.19.0 of **starknet.py** comes with support for RPC 0.6.0!

.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.client_models

New classes added to mirror the recent changes in the RPC v0.6.0 specification include:
:class:`ResourceBoundsMapping`, :class:`ResourceBounds`, :class:`PriceUnit`, :class:`FeePayment`, :class:`DAMode`.

Changes in the :class:`~starknet_py.net.account.account.Account`:

.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.account.account

- :meth:`~Account.execute_v3` has been added.
- :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_v3_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_v3_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_v3_transaction` have been added.
- :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_transaction` have been renamed to :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_v1_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_v1_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_v1_transaction` respectively.

All new functions with ``v3`` in their name operate similarly to their ``v1`` and ``v2`` counterparts.

> The key difference resides in the parameter acceptance: they don't accept the ``max_fee`` parameter. Instead, they utilize the ``l1_resource_bounds`` parameter.

Reviewer: I would rephrase that, so that users know they're required to have STRK tokens to use `v3` function. Example (you can phrase it better):

```suggestion
Unlike their ``v1`` counterparts, ``v3`` transactions pay their fees in Fri (10^-18 STRK). Therefore,  ``max_fee`` parameter, which is typically set in Wei, is not applicable for ``v3`` functions. Instead, ``l1_resource_bounds`` parameter is utilized to limit the Fri amount used.
```

Changes in the :class:`~starknet_py.net.full_node_client.FullNodeClient`:

.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.full_node_client

- :meth:`~FullNodeClient.estimate_fee` has a new parameter ``skip_validate``.
- :meth:`~FullNodeClient.declare` accepts ``transaction`` argument of the type :class:`~starknet_py.net.models.transaction.DeclareV3`
- :meth:`~FullNodeClient.send_transaction` accepts ``transaction`` argument of the type :class:`~starknet_py.net.models.transaction.InvokeV3`
- :meth:`~FullNodeClient.deploy_account` accepts ``transaction`` argument of the type :class:`~starknet_py.net.models.transaction.DeployAccountV3`

.. note::

>     :class:`~starknet_py.contract.Contract` class does not support V3 transactions in the pre-release.

Reviewer 2: maybe this should be a warning rather then a note?

0.19.0 Targeted versions
------------------------

- Starknet - `0.13.0 <https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/starknet_versions/version_notes/#version0.13.0>`_
- RPC - `0.6.0 <https://github.com/starkware-libs/starknet-specs/releases/tag/v0.6.0>`_

> 0.19.0 Breaking changes

Reviewer: I think `ResourcePrice.price_in_strk` -> `ResourcePrice.price_in_fri` (with later field becoming required) change wasn't mentioned.
Let's make sure we go through #1243 and check if we included all of the breaking changes.

0.19.0 Migration guide
**********************

Version 0.19.0 of **starknet.py** comes with support for RPC 0.6.0!

.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.client_models

New classes added to mirror the recent changes in the RPC v0.6.0 specification include:
:class:`ResourceBoundsMapping`, :class:`ResourceBounds`, :class:`PriceUnit`, :class:`FeePayment`, :class:`DAMode`.

Changes in the :class:`~starknet_py.net.account.account.Account`:

.. currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.account.account

- :meth:`~Account.execute_v3` has been added.
- :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_v3_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_v3_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_v3_transaction` have been added.
- :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_transaction` have been renamed to :meth:`~Account.sign_declare_v1_transaction`, :meth:`~Account.sign_deploy_account_v1_transaction` and :meth:`~Account.sign_invoke_v1_transaction` respectively.

All new functions with ``v3`` in their name operate similarly to their ``v1`` and ``v2`` counterparts.

> Unlike their ``v1`` counterparts, ``v3`` transactions pay their fees in Fri (10^-18 STRK). Therefore,  ``max_fee`` parameter, which is typically set in Wei, is not applicable for ``v3`` functions. Instead, ``l1_resource_bounds`` parameter is utilized to limit the Fri amount used.

Reviewer: Sorry I'm bothering again with same thing, but I couldn't help but notice my text implies transactions pay for themselves 😅 
```suggestion
Unlike their ``v1`` counterparts, ``v3`` transaction fees are paid in Fri (10^-18 STRK). Therefore,  ``max_fee`` parameter, which is typically set in Wei, is not applicable for ``v3`` functions. Instead, ``l1_resource_bounds`` parameter is utilized to limit the Fri amount used.
```

Author: Missed this on my side. Thank you for being vigilant!
